[Music]
all right listen up mom and dad 10
things parents shouldn't do for their
kids now parents I know it's hard to
step back and let your children do
things for themselves because your
parental instinct just wants to coddle
them as long as you can but are you
doing more harm than good if you want
your child to grow into a
self-sufficient adult then don't wait
for it don't talk for them we've all
seen it or even experienced it ourselves
a small child is walking with their mom
or dad and someone asks the kid hey
there cutie pie what's your name
of course the parent without thinking
blurts out oh this is Jason it would be
nice if this knee-jerk reaction had
ended once the child learned to speak
but no parents keep on speaking for
their children heck even for their
teenagers when the situation arises
adults take from their kids the chance
to answer for themselves and develop
their independence and self-confidence
so what should parents do instead you
can give a hint to the kid about what to
say or encourage them if they're being
shy for example go on hon the nice lady
ask you a question
let them speak for themselves don't try
to be their best buddy in an effort to
gain their child's trust or admiration
many parents try to be friends with
their kids
a friend is a person you can talk to on
equal terms you can tell anything to a
buddy whether it be what's troubling you
who you have a crush on your dreams and
ambitions but try to look at this from a
different perspective friendship also
means that nobody is in charge or in a
higher position
parents have a different role they're
supposed to take care of their children
to protect and educate them Plus tons of
studies show that when parents burden
their kids with information about their
personal drama because you know the
dialogue between friends goes both ways
kids tend to have psychological problems
later on so parents should let their
kids look for their own friends in their
own age group mom and dad are there for
the times when their children need love
support and guidance boy here's one
understand wants versus needs adults
know very well that broccoli is much
healthier than junk food and that school
supplies are more necessary than dolls
and action figures so when their kids
nag them about wanting the latest toy in
the market adults often say something
like is barbie going to pass your math
test on Monday for you didn't think so
what you're doing is suppressing your
child's personality their wishes and
goals such things can also cause your
child to feel like a victim or if you
take it a step too far
they might even a rebel against you
parents should understand the needs and
wishes of their children by putting
themselves in their kids shoes maybe
your daughter wants the Barbie pet vet
playset because she dreams of becoming a
veterinarian just educator about
priorities and make sure she studies for
Monday's math test first don't help them
too much toddlers can already get
dressed themselves wash their cups and
put their toys away and at this age
children really want to do things for
themselves yet what do some parents do
they chase after their kids picking up
every toy or dirty dish they set down oh
and of course parents love to complain
about how exhausted they are after
cleaning up for their toddler all day
adults spoon feed their children instead
of letting them do it themselves and
what's worse parents don't let their
kids experiment
how can children develop independent
personalities if they aren't allowed to
explore their abilities save yourself
the headache later on and let your kids
do as much as possible themselves of
course they won't get it perfect it's
okay at least they tried and they're
learning respect their tastes parents
often try to impose their musical tastes
book or movie preferences and even
clothing styles on their children so as
with all the things on this list this is
done with good intentions but of course
there's a downside it diminishes a
child's individuality and in many cases
forcing your own tastes on your child
will just result as a complete backlash
when the kid does or likes anything as
long as it's the complete opposite of
their parents not to fall into this trap
enjoy your favorite movies or music
yourself and let your child enjoy his
don't count their money until the deal
is done Kenny Rogers well in every
child's life there comes a time when
they start having their own pocket money
but alas a lot of parents make the
mistake of interrogating their teens and
trying to find out how much money
they've spent and on what the worst
thing you can do is check their bags or
pockets this annihilates any trust or
respect they might have for you your
children are individuals who have all
the rights to spend or save the money
they've earned okay yes parents are
worried that their kids are blowing
money on useless things or even drugs or
alcohol in this case you need to teach
your children to spend money cleverly to
be financially responsible this will
really help them out later on in life
when they have bills and families of
their own
don't force hobbies or extracurriculars
onto them you've definitely come across
those parents who for example want their
daughter to play the violin and are
ready to sacrifice lots of things to
fulfill this dream or those who want
their son to play football and push him
to train for hours every day the thing
is that a lot of these parents are
subconsciously trying to impose a hobby
on their children which is typically
something they wanted but couldn't
achieve in their own life don't become a
pushy dictator forcing your dreams on
your young ones be patient and watch
your kids carefully notice their
interests and inclinations ask them what
they like and then let them develop in
this field don't live through your
children they are not you my kids are
especially glad I didn't make them do
skydiving don't take their successes as
your own everybody has that friend on
Facebook you know the one who's
constantly posting about their kids our
first steps are first swim in the pool
and the list of our achievements is
endless it's obvious they support their
children a lot but what's this power and
we all about these are the children's
successes not the parents oh you didn't
think it's tops in childhood did you how
many times have you seen today's our
graduation day or we got accepted to the
University of California then the
children become adults and things get
even worse if you've recognized yourself
in these parents remember to be happy
for your children's successes but don't
confuse them with your own
don't choose their presence when a child
can already speak they have the right to
choose what they want as presents and it
doesn't have to be a good winter coat or
a toy that's supposed to develop them
educationally remember yourself at this
age were you really happy when instead
of getting that awesome toy you saw in
that commercial 100 times you got
underwear it might not always be
possible to let children pick but giving
them a chance when possible develops a
crucial skill the ability to choose to
make decisions and to face the
consequences again skills they'll need
as adults so let your children choose
the presents they want even if in your
mind they're useless are dumb hey now I
like getting new underwear go figure
don't intrude into their personal lives
this is especially true of parents of
teenagers teens have their own friends
crushes and first dates this is normal
and absolutely natural an interrogation
of who's that guy
or why are you're friends with her will
only annoy your children and distance
them from you many children will openly
share such personal things with their
parents if they feel safe and supported
not as if they're being interrogated
like some criminal so instead of
intruding let them have their own
private space don't ask too many
questions if you can see that they don't
want to share the details and of course
don't ever secretly read your children's
texts or snoop through their personal
things again respect them as people and
they'll respect you do you agree with
these recommendations if you have your
own ideas on the matter don't hesitate
to tell us in the comments below share
this video with your friends since this
information is too important to keep to
yourself remember to hit the like button
and to subscribe to our Channel
see you next time on the bright side
[Music]